Chapter 1 cont

The body of the assassin crumpled to the ground. She placed her back closer to the house, scanning for other attackers. Seeing no one else, she wipes the blade with her assailant’s cloak.
The man had been skilled, whoever he was. It was luck that had allowed her to dodge the first thrust and allowed her to get the first cut. But he had managed to cut into her left shoulder at some point in the fight.

Looking through his pockets and bags revealed nothing. His dark pants and blouse were chosen to move freely and quietly. Boots were low cut and soft soled, but otherwise nothing indicated who he might be. The man’s fair skin indicated that he might be from the western lands, but that was not uncommon in this trading port city.

His sword wasn’t particularly remarkable. Decent quality, and balanced well enough to do the work, but inexpensive enough to throw in the harbor after dispatching his target. But there was no blood on the blade.
Looking at her shoulder, the wound was really bleeding. Nothing worrisome if she could get it mended, soon. But what cut her?

As she moved the body a dagger emerged under his thigh. It had blood on the blade. He must have cut her with it, but she hadn’t seen it during the fight. “The gods must have been watching over me,” she muttered. “That could have gone to my throat.”

The knife has a six inch blade, and there is only a small guard. Probably to keep from getting caught in clothing. Unlike the sword, the dagger is high quality. Balanced enough to throw, but also balanced to manipulate well when changing grips. The sheath for the dagger was positioned on his belt with the opening facing to the ground so it could be drawn quickly and quietly with the blade hidden by his forearm.

There was a trademark etched into the hilt of the dagger. A small butterfly. Interesting. With no time to dispose of the body, she pulled it behind a pile of branches and cut wood.
Placing the sword and dagger in her belt she stepped back into the house. She could only do a quick stitch job because she to meet Michel at the docks. Pulling the pouch out of the cabinet, she grabs the hooked needle and thread she kept for just this sort of thing. Gritting her teeth, she does a really bad job of closing the wound.
“That’ll have to do. Damn, I’ll be cutting it really close.”

She slips on a new blouse and looks at the cloak… not too bad. The blood didn’t soak through, but there was still a cut across the shoulder.
She’ll have to repair the cloak later.

She wound her way through the streets to end up at the end of the long wooden dock. Two tall ships were sitting on either side of the pier from each other.

The smell of the salt air and the sound of creaking Timbers invigorates her. Her decade of service in the Imperial Marines had left its mark in more than just her body, it imprinted on her soul. There is nothing like being on the open ocean, wind and sun on your face.
; the stinging spray of rain during a squall.

On the deck stood Michel’s tall silhouette. This will be interesting, given the secret nature of the meeting. But, he always was a bit dramatic. This had better be good.



Chapter 2
The pier was a bit slippery, tonight. It’s good that she wore the soft soled shoes… would provide better traction if there was another surprise.
“Whoever sent the assassin knows who I am. But how?” Her internal dialogue softly spilled out of her lips. She can’t think about that right now though, there is business to attend to.

Stepping up to the gangplank, she looks around and into the shadows. No one seems to be lurking or lying in wait, so she walks aboard ship. The wood creaks a bit beneath her feet, the slight give of the planks, and the slight rise and fall from the action of the ship on the waves.

“Welcome aboard, Alex,” the man grunts. “You’re late.”
“I had a pushy house guest who left me with a new scar."
“You do know how to make friends.”
“It’s a gift.”
Laughing, the man steps into the light of the lantern. The scar across his cheek was thick, and old. It has indeed been more than a few years since Trusten. “It’s good to see you again.”
“Why the secrecy? And where is the watch?”
“I let him take a break. I wanted to keep your presence quiet until we could talk.”
“Always a flair for the dramatic, Michel,” Alex chuckled.
“Necessary this time. Let’s go to the foc’sle. We’ll have some privacy there.”
Michel tapped his heel heavily on the deck three times to call the watch back to the quarter deck.
“Let’s go.”
As they walked towards the aft of the ship, the moon lit up the harbor. The light illuminating the deck and reflecting off the waves added to the mystery.
“I need your help, Alex. I’ll be sailing in two days to reclaim ownership of an island I’ve maintained as a trading post.”
“Is that what you’re calling it these days?” The smile touched her eyes as she poked fun, remembering the seediness of the island.
“Of course… it’s legitimate trade… more or less. But a mutual former colleague of ours took it from me two months ago. Bellacik brought a good number of men and several ships. I was able to get out with 2 ships and their crews.”
“Bellacik, huh? What do you want from me?”
“I need someone I can trust to have my back. I can trust my own crews, but I’ve had to partner with several other Captains in order to get the numbers of ships and sailors for an assault. I don’t know them well, and their crews I don’t know at all.
I also need someone to command a special group to infiltrate his stronghold prior to the invasion. I’d like that person to be you.”
“That’s quite a request,” she said. “Bellacik is a hard man. This won’t be easy. What are you offering for this amazing opportunity?”
“I was thinking land on the island, or perhaps your weight in treasure that is stored on the island. Do you have something else in mind?”
“That sounds like a good start,” Alex responded.
“Which one?”
“Both, of course. I’d also like help tracking down the employers of the man who gave me this cut tonight.”
Wincing, he nodded his head. “That’s steep, but I can live with it.” He stuck his hand out, and she shook it firmly.
“When do we leave?”
“We’ll get underway at high tide in two days. Get some seafaring gear, because the seas can get rough this time of year. We’ll share a stateroom for security. It’s small but is much better than some of the places we slept in the field.”
“That’s not a hard stretch, though. I’ll come by tomorrow to work out the details. I have to get back and tend to this shoulder.”
“Thank you, Alex. I’m glad you’re joining me on this.”
“We’ll see about how glad you are after a few days at sea.” She smiled and turned toward the quarterdeck to leave.

Chapter 3
The walk home unfolds uneventfully. Alex’s shoulder stung badly. She needs to see a doctor tomorrow to get the wound cleaned and stitched better than she could do. Luckily she knew someone close by.

She also needed to take care of her attacker’s body.
“It will have to be tonight,” she thought as she rounded the corner to her street.
“Damn!” she muttered, noticing someone had already called the guards. They were looking around trying to figure out how, and who, had drug it behind the woodpile.
She was known by most of the guards as she had served with some of them during the war. They would be suspicious if she went into her house not even 100 ft from the woodpile.
Calmly, she turned and headed toward the nearest Inn. Which was several blocks away, but she could sleep peacefully. The Innkeeper owed her for some previous work she had done for him as a favor. She could probably get a good breakfast out of the deal.
The light was on in the main room so she opened the door and walked in. The Innkeeper’s wife walked in to see who arrived, and smiled.
“Alex, what brings you in tonight at this hour?”
“Hello, Mary,” she smiled back. “The neighbors are going at each other again. Honestly, I don’t know why one doesn’t just kill the other and get some peace. Do you have a room I can rent?”
“Of course, dear. Will you be staying for breakfast?”
“Most likely. Can you show me to the room?”
“Yes, right this way.”
As they walked into the room Alex pulled Mary closer. “If anyone asks if I’m here, please tell them you haven’t seen me.,” Alex whispers. “I was attacked earlier tonight, but I don’t know who it was. I know I can trust you and your husband.”
She put some coin in Mary’s hand, more than enough to cover the room and breakfast.
“The room is great, thank you Mary! Finally get some sleep.”
“Of course, Alex.” She nods and heads towards the door. “Sleep well, and see you in the morning. Bangers, mash, and eggs will be waiting for you.”

And she sleeps well. Which is good, because it will be the best night sleep she’ll have for months.


Chapter 4

After finishing breakfast, Alex tipped the innkeepers and walked out into the sun. She still needed to get some seafaring gear, and talk to the weaponsmith to see if they knew anything about the butterfly trademark on the blade. It was a nice day so she decided to walk through Gallows Park. A morbid place, but it’s a morbid time.
Men, women, and children are standing elbow to elbow quick drop and sudden stop. The late morning sun is getting bright, and the heat from the crowd is a bit stifling, not to mention starting to smell a bit rancid. The guards were pushing a dark haired, broad chested man up the ramp in an old oak wheel chair. His arms were bound in a way that looked like he’d caused some trouble. The black eyes, and bruises on the guards make it look like’s he’s given as good as he got.
As they read his charges, she wasn’t unhappy for this justice. He had robbed and killed several teachers who taught the braille courses at the local high school.
She picked up the flyer describing the charges, and felt the braille. All students are required to learn braille and sign language in school, so most people were literate in braille, sign, and graphic lettering.
The gallows were a new design that has more room for larger wheelchairs. Engineering had come a long way over the past 10 years, and made it more humane for bigger people. Not that hanging was humane, but there was more dignity if they were allowed to hang in their chair. After all, the chair was an extension of their person, they shouldn’t be denied that as they met their maker.

There were rumors that some countries didn’t consider people that had different needs as people, or they were treated poorly. She had never seen this in her extensive travels. She had fought beside many men and women with wooden limbs and wheelchairs. So she chalked it up to myth.

Alex decided to move on. She didn’t need to see this. She hates seeing their eyes bug out.

Making her way through the side streets, she heads towards Dr. Ellis’ office. He’s the best sort of physician, only medically pertinent questions. He’s fixed her up a few times over the years, and the scars are barely noticeable.

Alex turns past a boutique selling skirts. Looking in the window she notices a young couple trying some on. The young man looked uncomfortable, as if he’d never worn something so fine. His partner looked at home as she twirled in the expensive fabric and notions.
She’d never really liked dresses, skirts, or kilts. They tended to get caught up when she fought. Some of the men she fought alongside preferred them, but to each their own. Her own preference was bloused breeches that tucked into her boots. It prevents bugs from crawling up her leg, or the cuffs from getting dirty.
One thing she had to give up from large dresses though, are the really big pockets that could be hidden by the skirts. A small price to pay for the freedom of the breeches, so she carries satchels and belt pouches.

Dr Ellis was busy with another patient as she walked in the door. Alex looked around the room and noticed that he had been very busy recently. It looked as though a few sailors and soldiers may have scrapped, given the scraps of uniform that were laying on the bench.
“Another pub brawl, Doc?”
“No, Ms Dane, there was an altercation last night. It seems there was a soldier left dead behind a woodpile, killed by what looked like a cutlass or saber. The soldiers decided it must have been sailors so they decided to ambush some sailors on their way back to their berths. No one died, luckily. This bloke right here is the last of them,” Dr Ellis says as he finishes bandaging the man’s head.
“Damned soldiers, we told ‘em we don’t know nothing about a fucking murder. Drinking and carousing was all we was up to. Captain said no fighting’ ‘cuz we’re leaving’ tomorrow. We’re going to get lashed for this, but ‘twasnt our fault.”
“What happened to your head?” Alex probed.
“Bottle of rum. It broke on the doweling pin I used to block it, ‘n’ the glass tore up my face. Probly saved my skull from being bashed in, though. I hit him across his own skull with the pin. He’ll have a story to tell, believe me.”
Alex stepped back to hide her cutlass from view. No need to give people a reason to ask questions.
The doc finished the patch job and let the young man head back to his ship.
When he left, Dr Ellis gestured for her to sit. She removes her cloak and cutlass, revealing her amateur stitching. The doc noticed the cutlass, but decided to ignore it.
“Did you sew yourself up again? You are a shitty seamstress Alex Dane”
“Thanks, Doc! I think it was pretty good. But I did come see you first thing this morning.”
He smirked disapprovingly, cut the stitches out, and sewed her back up. Tight stitches this time, and professional looking.

Chapter 5
She paid the doc generously as she walked out the door into the street. He’d given her a small amount of laudanum to get the edge off any pain, but not enough to dull her wits. He’d sold her a bottle for later use. It will come in handy. She also bought some quicksilver and some of the special tea that she could boil after a good night on the town. She would be gone for at least several months, probably not anywhere close to a doctor or midwife.
She made her way towards the trades district. She needed the weapons smith, gunsmith, blacksmith, and shipwright to get some supplies. The weaponsmith to look at the dagger, as well as sharpen her cutlass. The gunsmith to buy a rifle. She hadn’t needed one for years, but she hadn’t been on this type of campaign for a long time. She needed one built for a marine. Sturdy, easy to field strip, and easy to load while the ship was rocking. But also able to fix a bayonet if necessary. Shipboard combat and taking beaches is brutal work.

The pounding and clanging of hammers led her to the metal workers. She was in luck, Jim was sharpening a sword when she got to his tent.
“Jim, I’ve got some work for you if you’re interested. It would also be great if you could take a look at something.”
“Ho, are you Alex. Did you beat that old cutlass of yours into a wall again?”
“How did you know?” The wry smile cut across her face.
“You could use a better sword. This one wasn’t great even when it was new.”
“I know, but we have history. Took it off the first officer I killed in a boarding party. He hadn’t bought his commission like the other officers so he had a standard issue blade. I identified with him. Too bad his luck didn’t last long enough for him to reach a higher rank.”
The loud grating from the grinding stone penetrates her eardrums. The incessant ringing in her ears is bad enough from spending so much time firing rifles, canon, and mortars, she doesn’t need to add to it.
He feels the balance of the blade, soldering some additional weights to different parts of tang.
“Here, try this shite. Use the cutting dummy.”
She felt the cutlass I’m her hand. The balance felt better than it was, so that’s good. Alex steps up to the straw cutting dummy. The blade is true as she cuts through the straw limb and through half the torso. But it catches just a bit as she pulls it back out of the dummy.
“It caught up a bit on the finish. Just barely noticeable. The balance is good, though.”
He pulls out the mineral oil and a sharpening strap. The blade flies across the strap, further removing any remaining nicks or dull spots.
Handing the sword back to her, he advises her “Try it now. And I noticed you still drop your shoulder before you start the cut. It’s a tell you’ve had since training.”
“Oh, have I,” she remarked sarcastically.
“Oh yeah, that’s how Bellacik knew when to counter. That’s how he beat you.”
“What do you mean, he beat me? He cheated! I had him square until he flicked his sweat in my eyes.”
“Nobody else saw that, but I did see his hand move. He flicked his hand when he saw your shoulder drop for your swing. So, you might want to work on that.”
She suddenly wonders what he knows. She’s about to embark on a mission to unseat him and an assassin shows up at her door.
“What made you think of Bellacik?”
“What do you mean?” He asked. “I trained both of you in close combat. But I put a few things together. You’re getting your gear in order, Michel’s boats are at the dock, and from what I hear, he and Bellicek have an active disagreement. I wouldn’t be surprised if others haven’t come to the same conclusion.”
Still dubious, she decides to trust him.
“Was attacked last night as I left my house. The man was very good, too good to be just a ruffian, and he had this.” She reaches under her coat and pulls the dagger from its sheath. “It’s a good weapon, and as you can tell, we’ll balanced. There’s a trademark on it. A butterfly. Do you recognize it?”
Picking it up, he examines the knife. Running the tip his thumb over the blade, he remarks about it’s sharpness, and the quality of the metalwork. His eyes focus on the trademark, he squints a bit, then his face wrinkles.
“This trademark belongs to the [name of assassin org]. They issue daggers like this to each of their initiates. So your attacker is either an assassin, or killed the assassin and took his knife. Neither are good options. Someone’s paid a lot of money to get you. Keep sharp.”
“Do you think it could have been Bellacik?”
“Maybe, but you have a list of people who don’t like you, I’m sure,” the corners of his mouth turning up just a little as the joke leaves his lips.
She thanks him as she goes. “I’ll talk to you when I return.”
“Give my regards to Michel.”
“Who?” The retort sounding a little sharper than she intended.
The remainder of her errands were done quickly. Her new flintlock rifle slung across her back. She decided not to return home, heading straight to the dock. If there was another assassin, he would most likely wait for her there.
Better to get to the ship. She needs to get the arrangements squared away.

The afternoon sunlight sparkles off the glass windows on the stores and houses. Hopefully the excursion will be done quickly. But who knows?

Up ahead a raucous noise drifts into the street. As Alex gets closer she notices dog chariots rumbling down the street. Dog chariots are wagons designed for folks with problems standing or walking. Large dogs pulled the chair rather than ponies or horses. I’m this case the chariot belonged to marines. The wheelchair fits snugly in the wagon, allowing the driver to keep the comfort of their specially made chair.